# example privacy policy
Robinhood United States Privacy Policy
At Robinhood, we take privacy and security seriously. This United States Privacy Policy outlines
how Robinhood Financial LLC and its affiliates (collectively, the “Company,” “Robinhood,” “we,”
“our,” or “us”) process the information we collect about you through our websites, mobile apps,
and other online services (collectively, the “Services”) and when you otherwise interact with us,
such as through our customer service channels.
If you are a California resident, please also see the “Notice to California Residents” section
below. If you have a Robinhood account, or have taken steps to register for an account, you can
also review our Consumer Privacy Notice for a summary of our practices regarding the information
we collect about you.
Click on the links below to jump to specific sections:
1. TYPES OF INFORMATION COLLECTED AND HOW WE COLLECT THEM
2. HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
3. DISCLOSURES OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
4. THIRD-PARTY LINKS
5. THIRD-PARTY TRACKING AND ONLINE ADVERTISING
6. CONTROL OVER YOUR INFORMATION
7. NOTICE TO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
8. TRANSFER OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
9. CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
10. CHANGES TO THIS POLICY
11. HOW TO CONTACT US
1. TYPES OF INFORMATION COLLECTED AND HOW WE COLLECT THEM.
Personal Information You Provide:
We collect the following personal information you provide when you use our Services, like when
you sign up for an account, request a transaction, enroll in a promotion or program, or otherwise
engage or communicate with us:
Effective Date: September 9, 2020
1 of 10
ROBINHOOD: ROBINHOOD UNITED STATES PRIVACY POLICY
1. Identity Data includes your full name, date of birth, gender, social security numbers, and
other data on government-issued identification documents.
2. Contact Data includes your email address, mailing address, and telephone numbers.
3. Financial Data includes your bank account and payment card details, suitability information,
and information about your income, account balances, financial transaction history, credit
history, tax information, and credit scores.
4. Profile Data includes your username and password, purchases or orders made by you, your
knowledge assessment results, and your interests, preferences, feedback, and survey
responses.
5. Usage Information includes information about how you access and use our Services, such as
your actions on the Services, including your interactions with others on the Services, photos
or media you upload to the Services, your username, and other content you provide (“Usage
Information”). We only access your device camera roll and camera with your permission. If
you need to update your permissions, you can do so in your device’s settings. Please
remember that Robinhood may, but has no obligation to, monitor, record, and store Usage
Information in order to protect your safety or the safety of other users, to assist with
regulatory or law enforcement efforts, to protect and defend our rights and property, or for
other reasons relating to our provision of the Services. By using the Services, you consent to
the recording, storage, and disclosure of such information you send or receive for these
purposes.
6. Contact List Information With your permission, we may access your contact list on your
mobile device or in your email accounts so that you can identify your contacts on the Services
and direct the invitation of your contacts. We store and use this information to suggest
referrals or connections and for other reasons related to our provision of the Services. We
make these recommendations based on your contact list information as well as, with their
consent, your contacts’ information if they are also a Robinhood customer. We only access
your contact list information with your explicit permission. If you provide us with personal data
from your third-party contacts, it is your responsibility to ensure that the communication of
such data to, and further processing by, Robinhood is lawful. For example, when you provide
us with information about your contacts, we may use it to let you know which of your contacts
have also signed up for our Services or, at your exclusive direction, send messages to your
contacts regarding our Services. We will not send messages to your contacts that are not
explicitly directed by you.
7. Additional Information includes information that you submit via focus groups,
contests/sweepstakes, job applications, customer support, or other similar means. We may
also collect any communications between Robinhood and you (including recording calls made
to or by Robinhood) and any other information you provide to Robinhood.
Effective Date: September 9, 2020
2 of 10
ROBINHOOD: ROBINHOOD UNITED STATES PRIVACY POLICY
Personal Information Collected Automatically:
As is true of many digital platforms, we collect certain personal information automatically when
you visit our online services, including:
● Location Data.
To help us protect against fraud, provide our services to you, and improve our services, we
collect location data, including current and historical information concerning a user’s
geographic location, GPS location, transaction location, and IP addresses that they use in
conjunction with our Services. We collect your precise location data with your permission,
and use that information, for example, to help protect against fraud by detecting and
declining debit card transactions that may occur far away from your device’s location. We
collect information about your location through GPS, Wi-Fi, wireless network
triangulation, or other methods in order to obtain your location. We may also approximate
your location by your IP Address. We also use the Google Maps API to gather information
about your location. Google uses various technologies to determine your location,
including IP address, GPS, and other sensors that may, for example, provide Google with
information on nearby devices, Wi-Fi access points, and cell towers (see Google’s Privacy
Policy to learn more).
● Usage and Device Data Collected Automatically Through Tracking Technologies.
To provide a personalized and enhanced user experience, we, and our third-party
partners, automatically collect certain types of usage information when you visit or use our
Services, read our emails, or otherwise engage with us. We typically collect this
information through a variety of tracking technologies, including cookies, Flash objects,
web beacons, embedded scripts, location identifying technologies, file information, and
similar technology (collectively, “Tracking Technologies”). For example, we collect
information about your device and its software, such as your IP address, browser type,
Internet service provider, platform type, device type, operating system, date and time
stamp, a unique ID (that allows us to uniquely identify your browser, mobile device, or
your account), and other similar information. We use Tracking Technologies to help ensure
that you have a high-quality experience on our Services. We also use Tracking
Technologies to aid in the targeted advertising of our services on other platforms. From
your device manufacturer, we also may collect the names of other third-party applications
that you have downloaded on your device.
If you prefer, you can change your cookie settings. Some browsers have options that allow the
user to control whether the browser will accept cookies, reject cookies, or notify the user each
time a cookie is sent. You may elect to reject cookies by adjusting your settings, but doing so will
limit the range of features available to you on our Services and other websites. Be sure to read
any information provided by your browser developer to understand the limitations of these
settings, as they may differ from browser to browser and may not apply to all technologies. You
Effective Date: September 9, 2020
3 of 10
ROBINHOOD: ROBINHOOD UNITED STATES PRIVACY POLICY
may also set your email options to prevent the automatic downloading of images that may contain
technologies that would allow us to know whether you have accessed our email, used our
Services, or performed certain functions with it.
Our Services also occasionally use “local shared objects” (also known as “Flash cookies”). Like
browser cookies, Flash cookies may be used for coordinating content delivery, website
functionality, maintaining preferences, advertising, or analytics. Unlike browser cookies, “Flash
cookies” are not stored in the browser. You may be able to manage these Flash cookies by visiting
the Adobe website here.
Do-Not-Track Signals and Similar Mechanisms. Some web browsers transmit “do-not-track”
signals to websites. We currently don’t take action in response to these signals.
Personal Information from Other Sources and Third Parties:
We also obtain personal information from other sources, which we often combine with personal
information we collect either automatically or directly from you.
● Third-party Data includes data that we collect from business partners, marketing, and
vendor partners.
● Account Linking. Robinhood offers account linking and aggregation services ("Linking
Services") through Plaid Inc. ("Plaid"). By utilizing these Linking Services, you
acknowledge and agree that the terms of Plaid's Privacy Policy (currently located at
https://plaid.com/legal/#end-user-privacy-policy) will govern Plaid's use of such
information, and you expressly agree to the terms and conditions of Plaid's Privacy Policy.
Further, you expressly grant Plaid the right, power, and authority to access and transmit
your information as reasonably necessary for Plaid to provide the Linking Services to you.
To the extent you previously utilized account linking and aggregation services through
Robinhood's previous service provider, Quovo, Inc., you expressly authorize Quovo, Inc. to
transmit any information or data arising out of those services to Plaid so that Plaid can
offer you its Linking Services.
● Third Party Services. If you link, connect, or log in to your Robinhood Account with a
third-party service (e.g. Google, Apple), the third-party service may send us information
such as your profile information from that service. This information varies and is controlled
by that service or as authorized by you via your privacy settings at that service.
● Publicly Available Data includes contact information, employment-related information,
and other information from publicly available sources. We may combine this information
with the information we collect from you directly. We use this information to contact you,
Effective Date: September 9, 2020
4 of 10
ROBINHOOD: ROBINHOOD UNITED STATES PRIVACY POLICY
to send you advertising or promotional materials, to personalize our Services, and to
better understand the demographics of our users.
2. HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION.
We use and process the information we collect for purposes described in this United States Privacy
Policy or as otherwise described to you on our Services or in connection with our Services. For
example, we use your information to:
● Create and process your account and deliver the Services to you, including to allow you to
register for the Services and participate in interactive features and for Robinhood to
authenticate your identity, handle billing and account management, fulfill our legal and
regulatory obligations such as obligations that apply to being a regulated broker-dealer, and
complete other administrative matters;
● Send you transactional information, including confirmations, invoices, technical notices,
product and services information and announcements, software updates, security alerts,
support and administrative messages, and information about your transactions with us;
● Communicate with you such as to respond to your comments and questions, deliver
newsletters or other content we believe you will be interested in, provide customer service or
feedback, contact you about amounts owed, conduct surveys, respond to employment
opportunities for which you’ve applied, notify you about upcoming events, or for any other
purposes in connection with the Services;
● Conduct research and analytics to understand our visitors and customers and tailor our
product offerings;
● Provide you with updates about products and services offered by us and selected
partners, as well as facilitate new contests, sweepstakes, promotions, and rewards;
● Make suggestions and recommendations to you about things that are similar to those
about which you have inquired or that may otherwise be of interest to you, such as providing
you with advertisements based on your interests and activity on the Services;
● Monitor, administer, and enhance our Services, including troubleshooting, data
analysis, testing, research, statistical, and survey purposes;
● Enhance the safety and security of our Services, business, and users, and investigate or
provide notice of fraud or unlawful or criminal activity;
● Perform audits and protect or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims,
including to enforce and carry out contracts and agreements; and
● Comply with applicable laws and legal obligations.
Effective Date: September 9, 2020
5 of 10
ROBINHOOD: ROBINHOOD UNITED STATES PRIVACY POLICY
3. DISCLOSURES OF PERSONAL INFORMATION.
We are committed to maintaining your trust, and we want you to understand when and with whom we
may share the personal information we collect. We may share your personal information in the
instances described below. For further information on your choices regarding your personal
information, see the “Control Over Your Information” section below. We do not sell or rent your
personal information to third parties, aside from substantial corporate transactions (described
below).
● Authorized third-party vendors and service providers. We share personal data with certain
authorized and vetted contractors, subcontractors, third-party vendors, and service
providers who help us run and protect our business. This includes sending emails, conducting
business analytics, marketing, and data processing. For example, we may share personal
data with service providers that identify and serve targeted advertisements or provide mailing
services, tax and accounting services, contest fulfillment, web hosting, or analytics services.
● Companies in which you hold securities. Robinhood may provide your name, address, and
securities positions to requesting companies in which you hold securities.
● Robinhood affiliates. We share personal data with other companies owned or controlled by
Robinhood Markets, Inc. For example, Robinhood Securities, LLC receives information to
provide you with custody and other related services as described in your customer
agreement. These companies will use your personal information in the same way that we do
under this United States Privacy Policy.
● Substantial corporate transactions. We may share personal data in connection with a
substantial corporate transaction, such as the sale of a website, a merger, consolidation,
reorganization, financing, change or control or acquisition of all or a portion of our business
by another company or third party, asset sale, initial public offering, or in the unlikely event of
bankruptcy or similar proceeding.
● Legal purposes. We disclose personal data to respond to subpoenas, court orders, legal
process, law-enforcement requests, legal claims, or government inquiries and to protect and
defend the rights, interests, safety, and security of Robinhood, our affiliates, users, or the
public.
● With your consent. We share personal data for any other purposes disclosed to you with your
consent. We may also share information with others in an aggregated or otherwise
anonymized form that does not reasonably identify you directly as an individual.
4. THIRD-PARTY LINKS.
Some of the Services may contain links to content maintained by third parties that we don’t
control. We’re not responsible for the privacy practices of these third parties or the content on the
third-party services, and the information practices of these third parties are not covered by this
Policy. Please note that these third-party services have their own privacy policies, and we
Effective Date: September 9, 2020
6 of 10
ROBINHOOD: ROBINHOOD UNITED STATES PRIVACY POLICY
strongly recommend that you read their privacy policies as well as terms and conditions of use to
understand how they collect, use, and share your information.
5. THIRD-PARTY TRACKING AND ONLINE ADVERTISING.
We participate in interest-based advertising and use third-party advertising companies to serve
you targeted advertisements based on your online browsing history and your interests. As a
self-directed broker-dealer, we do not advertise on behalf of specific securities or investment
options on our Services. We permit third-party online advertising networks, social media
companies, and other third-party services to collect information about your use of our Services
over time so that they may play or display ads on other websites, apps, or services you may use,
and on other devices you may use. Typically, though not always, the information used for
interest-based advertising is collected through cookies or similar tracking technologies. For
advertising, we may share a common account identifier (such as an email address or user ID) or
hashed data with our third-party advertising partners to help identify you across devices. We and
our third-party partners use this information to make the advertisements you see online on other
platforms more relevant to your interests, as well as to provide advertising-related services such
as reporting, attribution, analytics, and market research.
We’re not responsible for the privacy practices of these third parties, and the information
practices of these third parties are not covered by this Policy. Some of these companies are
members of the Network Advertising Initiative, which offers a single location to opt out of ad
targeting from member companies. To learn more, please visit
http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices or the DAA’s resources, available at
http://www.aboutads.info/choices. You may also be able to set your browser to delete or notify
you of cookies by actively managing the settings on your browser or mobile device. Please note
that some advertising opt-outs may not be effective unless your browser is set to accept cookies.
Furthermore, if you use a different device, change browsers, or delete the opt-out cookies, you
may need to perform the opt-out task again. You may also be able to limit certain interest-based
mobile advertising through the settings on your mobile device by selecting “limit ad tracking”
(iOS) or “opt out of interest based ads” (Android).
Google Analytics and Advertising. We use Google Analytics to recognize you and link your devices
and when you use our Services on your browser or mobile device, log in to your account on our
Services, or otherwise engage with us. We share a unique identifier, like a user ID or hashed email
address, with Google to facilitate the Services. Google Analytics allows us to better understand
how our users interact with our Services and to tailor our advertisements and content to you. For
information on how Google Analytics collects and processes data, as well as how you can control
information sent to Google, see “How Google uses data when you use our partners’ sites or apps”
linked here: http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/. You can learn about Google
Analytics’ currently available opt-outs, including the Google Analytics Browser Ad-On, here:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/. We may also use certain forms of display advertising
and other advanced features through Google Analytics, such as Remarketing with Google
Effective Date: September 9, 2020
7 of 10
ROBINHOOD: ROBINHOOD UNITED STATES PRIVACY POLICY
Analytics, Google Display Network Impression Reporting, the DoubleClick Campaign Manager
Integration, and Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting. These features let us to
use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie) and third-party cookies (such as the
DoubleClick advertising cookie) or other third-party cookies together to inform, optimize, and
display ads based on your use of our Services. You may control your advertising preferences or
opt-out of certain Google advertising products by visiting the Google Ads Preferences Manager,
currently available at https://google.com/ads/preferences, or by visiting NAI’s online resources at
http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices.
6. CONTROL OVER YOUR INFORMATION.
Account profile. You may update certain of your account profile information by logging into your
account.
Access to your device data. You may control the mobile app’s access to your device information
in your device’s settings. For instance, you can withdraw permission for the app to access your
contact list or photo gallery.
How to control your communications preferences. You can stop receiving promotional emails
from us by clicking on the provided “unsubscribe” link. You may not opt out of service-related or
other non-promotional communications (e.g., account verification, transactional
communications, changes/updates to features of the Services, and technical and security
notices).
Affiliate Sharing Opt Out. In some cases, you can limit sharing between Robinhood affiliates.
Please see our Consumer Privacy Notice for more details. If you want to exercise this right, please
contact at glba-request@robinhood.com.
7. NOTICE TO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS.
This section provides additional details about the personal information we collect about California
residents and the rights afforded to them under the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”).
Please note that the CCPA does not apply to what is referred to as nonpublic personal information
collected by financial institutions (like Robinhood), as that information is subject instead to other
financial privacy laws. As a result, the CCPA does not apply to most of the information that
Robinhood collects.
Subject to certain limitations and exceptions, the CCPA provides California residents the right to
request more details about the categories and specific elements of personal information we
collect, to delete their personal information, to opt out of any “sales” that may be occurring, and
to not be discriminated against for exercising these rights. We do not sell information about you to
third parties. In order to help Robinhood deliver advertising and marketing on other platforms, we
do allow third parties to collect information through our Services. Please see the “Third-Party
Effective Date: September 9, 2020
8 of 10
ROBINHOOD: ROBINHOOD UNITED STATES PRIVACY POLICY
Tracking and Online Advertising” section above for more details, including choices available to
you.
In the last 12 months, we collected the following categories of personal information subject to the
CCPA: identifiers (such as email address and IP address), approximate geolocation information,
and Internet or other electronic network activity information (such as browsing history and related
usage data). For more details about the information we collect and the categories of sources of
this information, please see the “Types of Information Collected and How We Collect Them”
section above. We share this information with the categories of third parties described in the
“Disclosure of Personal Information” section above.
California residents may make a consumer rights request for access to certain personal
information subject to the CCPA, not otherwise exempted as nonpublic personal information
collected by financial institutions, by sending an email to ccpa-request@robinhood.com. We may
verify the request by asking you to provide information that matches information we have on file
about you. You can also designate an authorized agent to exercise these rights on your behalf,
but we will require proof that the person is authorized to act on your behalf and may also still ask
you to verify your identity with us directly.
8. TRANSFER OF PERSONAL INFORMATION.
Our Services are currently designed for use only in certain select markets. If you are using our
Services from another jurisdiction, your information collected through our Services may be stored
and processed in the United States or any other country in which Robinhood or its parent,
subsidiaries, affiliates, or service providers maintain facilities or conduct business activities. If
you are located in other regions with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from
U.S. law, please note that we may transfer information, including personal information, to a
country and jurisdiction that does not have the same data-protection laws as your jurisdiction.
9. CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
We do not knowingly collect or solicit any information from anyone under the age of 13 on these
Services. In the event that we learn that we have inadvertently collected personal information
from a child under age 13, we will take reasonable steps to delete that information. If you believe
that we might have any information from a child under 13, please contact us at
privacy@robinhood.com.
Effective Date: September 9, 2020
9 of 10
ROBINHOOD: ROBINHOOD UNITED STATES PRIVACY POLICY
10. CHANGES TO THIS POLICY
This United States Privacy Policy will evolve with time, and when we update it, we will revise the
"Effective Date" above and post the new Policy. To stay informed of our privacy practices, we
recommend you review the Policy on a regular basis as you continue to use our Services.
11. HOW TO CONTACT US
If you have any questions about this United States Privacy Policy or the Services, please contact
us at privacy@robinhood.com.
